feat(clustering): revert removal of JSON-websocket support for config sync (#9921)
Kong/kong: CHANGELOG.md

- **Zipkin**: Fix an issue where the global plugin's sample ratio overrides route-specific.
  [#9877](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/9877)

### Changed

#### Hybrid Mode

> - Restore the original WebSocket protocol, and still support wRPC protocol.
>   [#9921](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/9921)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Revert the removal of WebSocket protocol support for configuration sync.
  [#9921](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/9921)
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion. We need to think more carefully about the wording.
